This thread is going to go downhill faster than Sonic The Hedgehog covered in lube.
VinsCool is strangely hypnotic.
Chill da fuck out. I dont have a wii u and i dont plan on buying one ever since its a scam for the Jews back at Nintendo. They make failure consoles and drop support for them after each time their little gimmick doesnt work out for them SMH. Why would i spend 300 bucks on a console that wont even be supported within the next 2-3 months especially when an emulator will be finished by then. Dumbass
Burning blue is a symbol of power.
funnystory stop hacking accounts.
You are really into furry these days, eh.
Speaking of which, have you considered praying to 3 creator goddesses of Hyrule?
You guys are literally debating the best way to upload a furry as your avatar. I'm dying.
Rose is Red, Violet is blue, Darky's waifu is imaginary, and Temp messes with you
Rose's pussy is red, violet's is black and blue, I pounded them both... so can you :P lol
Roses are red, Violets aren't blue, I am a good boy, Why can't you too?
Only thing hot about it is gonna be the friction of my dry penis on your unlubed rectum
Has Anyone Really Been Far Even as Decided to Use Even Go Want to do Look More Like?
Cows get raped to get milk
well, this thread turned into a porn/hentai/furry fap thread.
Your waifu is in love with another imaginary person. Get (a life) over it.
We saw the same with Windows 7 when it was first rolling out. In fact, 7 and 8.1 both collect the exact same data 10 does, but you see people recommending those over it just because people spout bullshit rumors. Ignorance is hilarious.
Who cares? Call 'em by their profile pic's gender.
I don't care what your views are, even on religion, politics or any taboo subject, but you'd better be able to explain how you got there.
Tonight we go balls deep. I'm tired of this cuddling only bullshit.
Yes I can, but I wanna kill myself now that I've drawn a furry
I have this recipe everyone was fighting over yesterday, 6 eggs, 1.5 cups of flour, 1 Table spoon baking powder, 4 table spoons of butter like 2 cups of cheese (any kind will do cubed) like half a pound of ham cubed (sandwich meat can work too or bacon...) mix it all up bake for like 30 minutes at 350 put some fresh butter on top and enjoy :P
"Our lord and savior Plailect, what is thy word for modding my 3ds?" And it was said unto thee in a booming voice from the heavens of github, "Thou shalt not use video guides, for they are outdated. Thou must also never use rxTools, or purchase a Gateway. May the Gateway Time Machine only take us back to the point in time before we bought the Gateway." And it was so.
GB/C hacks: ROM space expansion, completely new games, difficulty edits GBA hacks: completely new games, difficulty edits NDS hacks: Difficulty edits 3DS hacks:Big tits on underage girl
gba temp pirates why do you pirate
why do you pirate you cannot play muitplayer on most cracked pc games and its causing devs millons of dollars of loss
woudl be even better if it had full features cause pirated pc games usaully have no muitplayer
do you torrent or use somethign like mega
eh but if oyu get caught yah screwed
the people who get caught are the uploaders and if your torrent your also uploading so megas safer as long as it does not get shut down like megaupload
you save money the compaines go backrup because they want money if you don't buy the game or pirate it or buy it used your robbing from the compaine
you still need to pay for storage though but thats cheap you can't pirate hard drives sd cards and computers untill a 3d printer comes out that can print that sort of thing
It's not gay. It's as straight as a circle :^)
NO. IT'S MY THREAD AND WHEN VINSCOOL WANTS TO AWAKEN IT HE CAN.
There's a bunch of users here like @VinsCool that follow my threads vicariously trying to bait me into a ban, it is absolutely absurd.
Thanks 2 all the shitposters who flooded the commentssection of my blogpost and sentme insults and death threats.You have proven my point ;)
wew
weoh
I dunno way, but I read your name as Grammercal
Eren is a jew and so are all the titans
all titans are jews and everyone inside the walls is a jew that use jew juice to turn into titans
the nazi party live in europe which is a little ways off the island and all the jews wear jew armbands
Vin you are very childish is all, it is unbelievable people cannot ask questions without childish responses.You stalk my threads continuously to try to see if you can get me banned.
This started to feel like work, and well. fuck that? especially since nobody really cares Imma just do what I want
chary5325 is my everything for everywhere
Damn! Men have different genitals than women!
I Came With The Force Of A Thousand Suns
Staff sucks furry cock, the site is shit, and every member that doesn't dream of sucking Hitlers dick are trash
My sister is also retarded. Across the board. She's a one hundred per cent, honest to goodness, born that way retard. I learned a long time ago that if you're going to tell a story about your retarded sister, you need to mention she's retarded right off the bat or inevitably, at the end of the story, someone will say, What... is she, retarded? And then you have to go, Uh... yeah, she is. Followed by a lengthy, awkward silence.
that reminds me, asians are immune to jew juice and people who clean stuff are also immune to jew juice
in other words their jew dad took the red pill of jewishness
I, for one, blame the influx of transbullshit tumblrkin
There are bees in my pants
eh so i think Italelu thrre have been progress in ds emulatiom so can anyone make lima3ds run natively on fw 11.0 with out arm9 access i ahve freakyforms delux e if needed. nativuely not emualtion
Ditto can't learn imposter
Piracy a a pain some times cause with the 3ds you need a kernel exploit and with pc it could be a scam and give you a virus
We need more quotes
Faker? I think you're the fake hedgehog around here. You're comparing yourself to me? Ha! You're not even good enough to be my fake.
where can i download swotch emulator for 3ds
Never gonna give you up never gonna let you down never gonna run around and desert you
Stop stealing my man juice
only if aurora hacks us again and sends killer ninjas to you for being a trans jew hater
hungry fo dat 
And if you are going to say it is impossible or anything like that then DON'T SAY IT because I'm asking if someone can do that.
Faker? I think you're the fake hedgehog around here. You're comparing yourself to me? Ha! You're not even good enough to be my- I'LL MAKE YOU EAT THOSE WORDS
I tried to use the firm and cetk from Corbenik for skeith. Now Luma3DS is broken and when I launch any app it says to download again from the eshop and system settings always crashes and I lost my NAND backup when my computer got a virus! Now what genius?!? 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.nintendo.switchemulator
Oh no!
Chary - Today at 9:55 PM Darn jews
Interesting, weebs shall make jump of joy
I only abuse him when he doesn't want to get whipped while wearing the cuffs
I didn't know she was part giraffe
Tbh 90% of his posts are incoherent rambling. The most impressive thing about him is his bizzare technique of making sentences that look like they should make sense but simultaneously break the laws of the universe and are actually complete nonsense. If I win the lottery I'm dedicating a team of scientists and English professionals to study and analyze the Fast phenomenon
He has no style, he has no grace. This IRC bot has a funny face!
You've matured like a bad curry mate.
i like being modest but by honesty i can't deny that i'm kinda super hot.
K, but can I get a free code any1?:D
Why I can't take any youtuber seriously when they say they take a lot of efforts to make a video
Imagine my situation like this: - You decide to build a house. - Then your friends comes uninvited and piss all over your yard. Then they leave you alone.
I have a nice ase

52 yr old Orthopaedic Surgeon Stanforth from Whistler, usually spends time with passions for instance juggling, fifty shades darker and writing music. Recalls what a wonderful spot it have been having made a journey to Mausoleum of Khoja Ahmed Yasawi.
all toasters toast toast
B E P I S C H I L D
Most of these quotes suck
I am manly man poster
Ask Chary she supposed to be going to school to be a writer or something I think.
Minecraft hidden underground entrance tutorail
Crash is NOT confirmed for the Xbox. @SANIC was rude @me for not reading article when HE was wrong and didn't read. Im right. Feels so good.
Why Do People Love To Draw Dicks in Games? An Investigative Report. - Kotaku (2013)
Human garbage that amounts to nothing. That is a journalist. A pathetic sub-human shitstain whose job is to lie and take the heat from lying. Just like a mafia goon, a nobody. Good. Rot in hell. Yeah I have been holding that for a while. I know i'm getting downvoted to oblivion, but man that felt good tho. Right, the media diagram. I don't care, your garbage (cause you a game journo) pls go play on active traffic.
Video game journalists. What they do is like witnessing my sister get violently raped by a bunch of californian hipsters while telling me that I am unfit to be her brother and being forced to watch by people I once called friends.
When the stalk stands in the tea, you will have terrific visitors.
lol i'm fecking retorded
which is total ass crack because highschool is shit and teachers there give points like they are some kind of Oprah
Suck your nan, dont chat shit
There are no N64 emulators, only Mario 64 emulators with extended compatibility.
rule34? owo
quotw
Vinscool, you're a moron.
marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles marbles
You know what they say! All toasters toast toast!
I got yelled at for making a joke about a Brony
noooo! onii-sama, don't stab me there!
You people think logic is the limit, and therefore you will never go beyond your petty minds. Remain limited as you wish, this is only for people who are tired of reasoning out everything that happens around them.
As there are coincidences and since coincidences themselves are illogical other than to give a word to itself, then it is a small proof to show all that is there can not always be scientifically proven. We think the human mind is so great, its limit is logic, first drop your human ego, then come discuss. Or if you want to just deny as no proof exists, leave at once and stop simply proving all of you are acting like babies getting worked up by someone's blog post.
I didn't know people loved talking about periods and mental asylums here, learn something everyday eh? I innocently request all of you fuckwits to keep away from my blog posts even if you want to share your love for your own stupidity with me, and keep the period talk to yourself.
The entry began so well. But then, the menstruations kicked in.
I forgot to add, intelligent people (not fake ones) become more so also when full moon closes in.
I suggest you go taking drugs for the rest of your life. I have no idea why you hate poetry,
This is now a spiderman thread! <:bortz:329087485307256832>
Tell that to the tides, tell that to the world. It goes on changing, only thing that remains the same is your stupidity.
I'm just a kid, this is such a shame on you all. Even more so, if I wasn't, you are all proving to me that deep down I am saying something that does make sense to you, or else you wouldn't still be here...
Guys, guys! M-O-O-N, That spells moon!
i have the greatest username in all of history - neil mc credden
My stand's ability is to give everyone within a 5 foot radius an erection
All right, i think i will confirm the translation of pokemon card game asobikata DS. i've translating it.
Undertale is harder than Touhou
when your child sex slaves try to escape and they die on the minefields
I wanna buy 5, but I can't justify it when I own 1-4 and only played 1
Too much typing you guys are doing, too hard for me to reply to everything as one of you replies in a matter of seconds because you're triggered. Sorry, atm idgaf. ..
Will signing up to ROM sites get me arrested?
Pearl from Spongebob is bitchy, Pearl from Steven Universe is bitchy, now we have Pearl from Splatoon 2, who is also bitchy.
don't see the point in playing Japanese games if the devs wont stop creating games that uses decades old game mechanics, while every one else in other country's are using modern game mechanics. Japan is stuck in the past and they need to get their shit together.
if people cant handle someone saying @ everyone they need to stop being a pussy ass bitch and get over it AND LEARN THAT THERS AN OPTION TO MUTE THE AT EVERYONE CALL
Yeah I'm in a private torrent site for hentai :/
Something
<alanjohn> Discord is filled with vocal sjw militia
You might as well just call it murder, if you're going to continue to be inaccurate. Or rape. How about call it a war crime, while you're at it. I know, let's call it female genital mutilation, that's scary sounding, right?
there is nothing wrong with me, golden shower is normal human activity
honestly getting choked by fanta is not in my Fanta-sy list
Just GALS being PALS
So becoming a patron won't remove the warning levels I have?
I don't shitpost I only say write the truth
still waiting for the what the fuck, smiley
bow and arrows are great for killing purposes
I am The Vin....a name, a legend, a pornstar.
this is a very beautiful women. i think